README.md, before:

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Leaderboard <a name="about-project"></a>

**Leaderboard** The leaderboard website displays scores submitted by different players. It also allows you to submit your score. All data is preserved thanks to the external Leaderboard API service.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>HTML</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">HTML</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>
<details>
  <summary>CSS</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">CSS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Java Script</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">JS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>
<details>
<summary>Github</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">Github</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[Basic page structure]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- Live Demo: [Leaderboard Project]()

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

cd my-folder
git clone https://github.com/Metaverse-Nabeel/Leaderboard.git

### Install

Install this project with:

1.  Install WebHint: npm install --save-dev hint@7.x

2.  Install StyleLint npm install --save-dev stylelint@13.x stylelint-scss@3.x stylelint-config-standard@21.x stylelint-csstree-validator@1.x

3.  npm install --save-dev eslint@7.x eslint-config-airbnb-base@14.x eslint-plugin-import@2.x babel-eslint@10.x

### Usage

To run the project, Open index.html in browser.

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:


### Deployment

- Deployed at GitHub Pages: [Leaderboard0 Project]()


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Atif Zada**

- GitHub: [@atifzada](https://github.com/Atifzada)
- Twitter: [@atifzada](https://twitter.com/atifzada04)
- LinkedIn: [@atifzada](https://www.linkedin.com/in/atif-zada-585693180/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **Making UI more interactive**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Atifzada/Leader_Board/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project you can follow me and give the project a star.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

**Microverse**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.md) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Implemnet API to get unique id, add score and soore list

README.md, after:

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Leaderboard <a name="about-project"></a>

**Leaderboard** The leaderboard website displays scores submitted by different players. It also allows you to submit your score. All data is preserved thanks to the external Leaderboard API service.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>HTML</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">HTML</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>
<details>
  <summary>CSS</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">CSS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Java Script</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">JS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>
<details>
<summary>Github</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">Github</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[Basic page structure]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- Live Demo: coming soon

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

cd my-folder
git clone https://github.com/Metaverse-Nabeel/Leaderboard.git

### Install

Install this project with:

1.  Install WebHint: npm install --save-dev hint@7.x

2.  Install StyleLint npm install --save-dev stylelint@13.x stylelint-scss@3.x stylelint-config-standard@21.x stylelint-csstree-validator@1.x

3.  npm install --save-dev eslint@7.x eslint-config-airbnb-base@14.x eslint-plugin-import@2.x babel-eslint@10.x

### Usage

To run the project, Open index.html in browser.

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:


### Deployment

- Deployed at GitHub Pages: [Leaderboard0 Project]()


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Atif Zada**

- GitHub: [@atifzada](https://github.com/Atifzada)
- Twitter: [@atifzada](https://twitter.com/atifzada04)
- LinkedIn: [@atifzada](https://www.linkedin.com/in/atif-zada-585693180/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[Basic page structure]**
- **[Get Game Unique ID from API]**
- **[Send Score to API]**
- **[Receive Scores List From API]**

- **Making UI more interactive**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Atifzada/Leader_Board/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project you can follow me and give the project a star.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

**Microverse**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.md) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
